---
layout: post
title: "Max van der Merwe"
tags: [Human, Person, Me!]
featured: true
featured_image_thumbnail:
featured_image: assets/images/posts/max.jpg
featured_text: It's me! Max!
---

Hello!, I'm a London based Director, Designer, Prototyper, Programmer, Technical Artist and All Round Graphics Nerd, 
who has been working in the games and animation industry for well over a decade now! I've worked on award winners, 
viral sensations, big and small projects and have done so in a wide variety of different roles.

---

# Work In Animation

I've been working in the animation, games and related industries, primarily in london, since 2011.
 
In this time I have worked on a variety of commercial animation projects and short films for clients including 
* **The BBC**
* **The Line Animation**
* **Electric Theatre Collective**
* **Tandem Films**
* **Blink Ink**

---

# Work In Games

I've shipped a variety of commercial games under a variety of different roles, each of these were multi year projects.

* **Lands End** in 2015, as 3D artist [Offical Page](https://www.ustwogames.co.uk/games/lands-end/)
* **Monument Valley 2** in 2017 as a technical artist and animator. [Project Page](MonumentValley2)
* **Assemble With Care** in 2019 as a technical artist, graphics programmer and production artist. [Project Page](AssembleWithCare)
* **Alba: A WildLife adventure** in 2020 as a technical artist and graphics programmer. [Project Page](Alba)
* **Desta: The Memories Between** 2022 as a designer, prototyper and technical artist. [Project Page](Desta)
* **Monument Valley 3**, release TBC, as a technical artist.
* **Multiple unannounced and in development titles** as a variety of roles, including director, designer and prototyper with both The Line Animation and ustwo Games.



